/*
   Copyright (c) 2023, 2024, Oracle and/or its affiliates.

   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2.0,
   as published by the Free Software Foundation.

   This program is designed to work with certain software (including
   but not limited to OpenSSL) that is licensed under separate terms,
   as designated in a particular file or component or in included license
   documentation.  The authors of MySQL hereby grant you an additional
   permission to link the program and your derivative works with the
   separately licensed software that they have either included with
   the program or referenced in the documentation.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License, version 2.0, for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301  USA
*/

Transporter.

Common code in TransporterRegistry class and sources in
src/common/transporter/.

NDB API specific code in src/ndbapi/TransporterFacade.[ch]pp.

NDB kernel code in TransporterCallback.cpp. Also some multi-threading specific
code in mt.cpp.


Connect and disconnect
----------------------

Connect and disconnect is done asynchroneously, using extra threads to do the
actual (blocking) socket connect() call.

One thread is the TransporterRegistry::start_clients_thread(). This thread has
the responsibility to periodically try to connect to relevant nodes until
successful.

Another thread (kernel only) is the ServerSocket thread, which handles
accept() of incoming connections.

To communicate with these threads, a pair of message queues are used.

TransporterRegistry::m_in_queue is used to send connect and disconnect
requests to start_clients_thread.

TransporterRegistry::m_out_queue is used to send connect/disconnect reports
from both start_clients_thread and the ServerSocket thread. It is also used to
send error reports from various places in the code.

The m_out_queue is read by TransporterRegistry::update_connections(). In the
kernel, update_connections() is called perodically from the receive loop.

The sequence for getting a transporter into the CONNECTED state in the kernel
is this:
  1. CMVMI calls TransporterRegistry::start_connecting() when it decides to
     initiate a connection.
  2. start_connecting() sets the performStates[node] entry to CONNECTING as
     a flag for start_clients_thread.
  3. The thread running in start_clients_thread() notices the change of
     state, and does the actual socket connect and initial connection
     setup. It then sets Transporter::m_connected to true as a flag for
     update_connections().
  4. update_connections() notices the flag m_connected set to true, and
     this causes it to call TransporterRegistry::report_connect().
  5. TransporterRegistry::report_connect() sets performStates[node] to
     CONNECTED, and invokes TransporterCallback::reportConnect().
  6. TransporterCallback::reportConnect() sends the signal CONNECT_REP to
     the CMVMI block, completing the connection process.

The sequence for disconnect is this:
  1. CMVMI calls TransporterRegistry::start_disconnecting() when it decides to
     initiate disconnection. The TCP transporter may also call
     start_disconnecting() if an I/O error occurs on the socket.
  2. start_disconnecting() sets the performStates[node] entry to DISCONNECTING
     as a flag for start_clients_thread.
  3. The thread running in start_clients_thread() notices the change of
     state, closes the socket, and sets Transporter::m_connected to false
     as a flag for update_connections().
  4. update_connections() notices the flag m_connect set to false, and
     this causes it to call TransporterRegistry::report_disconnect().
  5. TransporterRegistry::report_disconnect() sets performStates[node] to
     DISCONNECTED, and invokes TransporterCallback::reportDisconnect().
  6. TransporterCallback::reportDisconnect() sends the signal DISCONNECT_REP
     to the CMVMI block, completing the disconnection.

Locking
-------

Certain parts of the transporters must be protected for multi-threaded use
cases.

The TransporterRegistry::performReceive() function must be protected by a
global mutex.

The TransporterRegistry::performSend() must be protected by a per-transporter
mutex. So two threads can run performSend() simultaneously for two different
transporters, but not for the same transporter.

TransporterRegistry::prepareSend() is multi-thread safe, provided the
passed-in TransporterSendBufferHandle is thread-safe. Ie. for multi-threaded
NDB kernel this is achieved by having per-thread per-node send buffers, and
passing different TransporterSendBufferHandle into prepareSend from different
threads.

TransporterRegistry::update_connections() and TransporterRegistry::setIOState()
must only be called from one thread (at a time).

Generally, upper layer is responsible for implementing any necessary locking.

Upper layer is responsible for not having two different threads executing
pollReceive() + performReceive() at the same time.

Upper layer is responsible for not having two different threads executing
performSend() on the same node at the same time.

Upper layer may have several threads executing prepareSend() at the same time,
but is responsible for ensuring that the passed-in TransporterSendBufferHandle
pointers are thread-safe with respect to this and also with respect to any
simultaneous performSend() on the node that may call get_bytes_to_send_iovec()
and bytes_sent().

Upper layer must provide in TransporterCallback lock_transporter() and
unlock_transporter() which can be used to synchronise connect/disconnect with
pollReceive(), performReceive(), and performSend(), ie. a lock to make sure
that connect/disconnect code does not run simultaneously with these.
