storage/ndb/rest-server/rest-api-server/README.md, before:

# RonDB REST API Server 

Currently, the REST API server only supports batched and non-batched  primary key operations. Default mappings of MySQL data types to JSON data types are as follows:

| MySQL Data Type                          | JSON Data Type        |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| TINYINT, SMALLINT MEDIUMINT, INT, BIGINT | number                |
| FLOAT, DOUBLE, DECIMAL                   | number                |
| CHAR, VARCHAR                            | escaped string        |
| BINARY, VARBINARY                        | base64 encoded string |
| DATE, DATETIME, TIME, TIMESTAMP, YEAR    | string                |
| YEAR                                     | number                |
| BIT                                      | base64 encoded string |

## POST /{api-version}/{database}/{table}/pk-read

Is used to perform a primary key read operation. 

Assume we have the following table.

```
CREATE TABLE `my_table` (                                            
  `id0` int NOT NULL,                                                 
  `id1` int unsigned NOT NULL,                                        
  `col0` int DEFAULT NULL,                                            
  `col1` int unsigned DEFAULT NULL,                                   
  PRIMARY KEY (`id0`,`id1`)                                           
) ENGINE=ndbcluster DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci
```

**Path Parameters:**

  - **api-version**: The current api version is 0.1.0
  - **database**: The database name to query from
  - **table**: The table name to query from

**Body:**

```json
{
  "filters": [
    {
      "column": "id0",
      "value": 0
    },
    {
      "column": "id1",
      "value": 0
    }
  ],
  "readColumns": [
    {
      "column": "col0",
      "dataReturnType": "default"
    },
    {
      "column": "col1",
      "dataReturnType": "default"
    }
  ],
  "operationId": "ABC123"
}
```

  - **filters**: (*required*) This is an array of objects one for each column that forms the primary key.
  - **readColumns**: (*optional*) This is used to perform projections. If it is omitted, all the columns of the table will be read
    - **dataReturnType**: (*optional*) This can be used to control in which format the data is returned, for example, hex, base64, etc. However, in this version (0.1.0) we only support the default return type.
  - **operationId**: (*optional*) It is a *string* parameter and it can be up to 64 characters long.

**Response**

```json
{
  "operationId": "ABC123",
  "data": {
    "col0": 123,
    "col1": 456
  }
}
```

## POST /{api-version}/batch

This is used to perform batched primary key read operations. 

**Path Parameters:**

  - **api-version**: The current api version is 0.1.0

**Body:**

The body here is a list of arbitrary pk-reads under the key *operations*:

```json
{
  "operations": [
    {
      "method": "POST",
      "relative-url": "my_database_1/my_table_1/pk-read",
      "body": {
        "filters": [
          {
            "column": "id0",
            "value": 0
          },
          {
            "column": "id1",
            "value": 0
          }
        ],
        "readColumns": [
          {
            "column": "col0",
            "dataReturnType": "default"
          },
          {
            "column": "col1",
            "dataReturnType": "default"
          }
        ],
        "operationId": "1"
      },
    },
    {
      "method": "POST",
      "relative-url": "my_database_2/my_table_2/pk-read",
      "body": {
        "filters": [
          {
            "column": "id0",
            "value": 1
          },
          {
            "column": "id1",
            "value": 1
          }
        ],
      },
    },
  ]
}
```

Additional parameters:
  - **relative-url**: (*required*) This represents the url the given pk-read would have in a single request (omitting the api-version).

**Response**

```json
[
  {
    "code": 200,
    "body": {
      "operationId": "1",
      "data": {
        "col0": 0,
        "col1": 0
      }
    }
  },
  {
    "code": 200,
    "body": {
      "data": {
        "col0": 1,
        "col1": 1
      }
    }
  }
]
```

## Security

Currently, the REST API server only supports [Hopsworks API Keys](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/feature-store-api/2.5.3/integrations/databricks/api_key/) for authentication and authorization. In the future, we plan to extend MySQL server users and privileges to the REST API.  Add the API key to the HTTP request using the **X-API-KEY** header. Ofcouse, you have to enable TLS when using API Keys. See, the configuration section for security related configuration parameters.  

## Configuration 
```json
{
    "RestServer": {
        "IP": "localhost",
        "Port": 4406,
        "APIVersion": "0.1.0",
        "BufferSize": 327680,
        "PreAllocatedBuffers": 1024,
        "GOMAXPROCS": -1
    },
    "RonDBConfig": {
        "IP": "localhost",
        "Port": 1186
    },
    "MySQLServer": {
        "IP": "localhost",
        "Port": 3306,
        "User": "rondb",
        "Password": "rondb"
    },
    "Security": {
        "EnableTLS": true,
        "RequireAndVerifyClientCert": true,
        "CertificateFile": "",
        "PrivateKeyFile": ""
    },
    "Log": {
        "Level": "info",
        "FilePath": "",
        "MaxSizeMB": 100,
        "MaxBackups": 10,
        "MaxAge": 30
    }
}
```

 - **RestServer** 

   - **IP:** Binds the REST server to this IP. The default value is *localhost*
  
   - **Port:** REST server port. The default port is *4406*
   
   - **APIVersion:** Current version of the REST API. Current version is *0.1.0*
   
   - **BufferSize:** Size of the buffers that are used to pass requests/responses between the Go and C++ layers. The buffers should be large enough to accommodate any request/response. The default size is *327680* (32 KB). 

   - **PreAllocatedBuffers:** Numbers of buffers to preallocate. The default value is *1024*.
   
   - **GOMAXPROCS:** The GOMAXPROCS variable limits the number of operating system threads that can execute user-level Go code simultaneously.  The default value is -1, that is it does not change the current settings.

- **RonDBConfig**

   - **IP:** RonDB management node IP. The default value is *localhost*.
   
   - **Port:** RonDB management node port. The default value is *1186*.
  
 - **MySQLServer:** configuration. MySQL server is only used for testing
  
   - **IP:** MySQL Server IP. The default value is *localhost*.
   
   - **Port:** MySQL Server port. The default value is *3306*.
   
   - **User:** MySQL Server user. The default value is *rondb*.
   
   - **Password:** MySQL Server user password. The default value is *rondb*.

 - **Security:** REST server security settings 
  
   - **EnableTLS:** Enable/Disable TLS. The default value is *true*.
   
   - **RequireAndVerifyClientCert:**  Enable/Disable TLS client certificate requirement. The default value is *true*.

   - **RootCACertFile:**  Root CA file. Used in testing that use self-signed certificates. The default value is not set.
   
   - **CertificateFile:** Server certificate file. The default value is not set.
   
   - **PrivateKeyFile:** Server private key file. The default value is not set.

 - **Log:** REST Server logging settings 
  
   - **Level:** log level, Supported levels are *panic, error, warn, info, debug,* and  *trace*. The default value is *info*.
   
   - **FilePath:** log file location. The default value is stdout.
   
   - **MaxSizeMB:** max log file size. The default value is *100*.
   
   - **MaxBackups:** max number of log files to store. The default value is *10*.
   
   - **MaxAge:** max-age of log files in days. The default value is *30*.

## Developing the RDRS

First, build RonDB into a given directory, e.g. `/tmp/rondb-bin`. Do so, by navigating into this directory and then calling one of the scripts in the [build_scripts](/build_scripts). Make sure that the flag `-DWITH_RDRS=1` is set. If it is not, simply append it to the other CMake flags. After RonDB has built, use the following environment variable for running any GO commands.

```bash
export CGO_LDFLAGS="-g -L/tmp/rondb-bin/lib -lrdrclient"
```

This may be required for running unit tests, the language server `gopls` or building. Your IDE may also allow you to specifically set this variable. For example, Visual Studio Code v1.74 lets you set the following in its settings.json:

```json
"gopls": {
  "build.env": {
    "CGO_LDFLAGS": "-g -L/tmp/rondb-bin/lib -lrdrclient"
  }
},
"go.testEnvVars": {
  "CGO_LDFLAGS": "-g -L/tmp/rondb-bin/lib -lrdrclient"
}
```

Otherwise, if you wish to compile ***only*** the RDRS binary, you can run the following:

```bash
cd /tmp/rondb-bin/storage/ndb/rest-server/rest-api-server
make -j8
```

## Unit testing

In contrast to building, unit testing also requires the env variable `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` to be set. Continueing from the previous section, where RonDB has been built into `/tmp/rondb-bin`, we would run the following:

```bash
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="/tmp/rondb-bin/lib"
ldconfig
```

Only then the env variable `CGO_LDFLAGS` mentioned previously will work.

To run all unit tests of the RDRS, view the hand-written [Makefile](./Makefile). Generally, we differentiate between tests that require a RonDB connection, and ones that don't. By default, we skip the tests that require one. If you wish to run the unit tests against a RonDB cluster, run the following command:

```bash
WITH_RONDB=1 make test
```

Commit message:

Added notes how to unit test against RonDB

storage/ndb/rest-server/rest-api-server/README.md, after:

# RonDB REST API Server 

Currently, the REST API server only supports batched and non-batched  primary key operations. Default mappings of MySQL data types to JSON data types are as follows:

| MySQL Data Type                          | JSON Data Type        |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| TINYINT, SMALLINT MEDIUMINT, INT, BIGINT | number                |
| FLOAT, DOUBLE, DECIMAL                   | number                |
| CHAR, VARCHAR                            | escaped string        |
| BINARY, VARBINARY                        | base64 encoded string |
| DATE, DATETIME, TIME, TIMESTAMP, YEAR    | string                |
| YEAR                                     | number                |
| BIT                                      | base64 encoded string |

## POST /{api-version}/{database}/{table}/pk-read

Is used to perform a primary key read operation. 

Assume we have the following table.

```
CREATE TABLE `my_table` (                                            
  `id0` int NOT NULL,                                                 
  `id1` int unsigned NOT NULL,                                        
  `col0` int DEFAULT NULL,                                            
  `col1` int unsigned DEFAULT NULL,                                   
  PRIMARY KEY (`id0`,`id1`)                                           
) ENGINE=ndbcluster DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci
```

**Path Parameters:**

  - **api-version**: The current api version is 0.1.0
  - **database**: The database name to query from
  - **table**: The table name to query from

**Body:**

```json
{
  "filters": [
    {
      "column": "id0",
      "value": 0
    },
    {
      "column": "id1",
      "value": 0
    }
  ],
  "readColumns": [
    {
      "column": "col0",
      "dataReturnType": "default"
    },
    {
      "column": "col1",
      "dataReturnType": "default"
    }
  ],
  "operationId": "ABC123"
}
```

  - **filters**: (*required*) This is an array of objects one for each column that forms the primary key.
  - **readColumns**: (*optional*) This is used to perform projections. If it is omitted, all the columns of the table will be read
    - **dataReturnType**: (*optional*) This can be used to control in which format the data is returned, for example, hex, base64, etc. However, in this version (0.1.0) we only support the default return type.
  - **operationId**: (*optional*) It is a *string* parameter and it can be up to 64 characters long.

**Response**

```json
{
  "operationId": "ABC123",
  "data": {
    "col0": 123,
    "col1": 456
  }
}
```

## POST /{api-version}/batch

This is used to perform batched primary key read operations. 

**Path Parameters:**

  - **api-version**: The current api version is 0.1.0

**Body:**

The body here is a list of arbitrary pk-reads under the key *operations*:

```json
{
  "operations": [
    {
      "method": "POST",
      "relative-url": "my_database_1/my_table_1/pk-read",
      "body": {
        "filters": [
          {
            "column": "id0",
            "value": 0
          },
          {
            "column": "id1",
            "value": 0
          }
        ],
        "readColumns": [
          {
            "column": "col0",
            "dataReturnType": "default"
          },
          {
            "column": "col1",
            "dataReturnType": "default"
          }
        ],
        "operationId": "1"
      },
    },
    {
      "method": "POST",
      "relative-url": "my_database_2/my_table_2/pk-read",
      "body": {
        "filters": [
          {
            "column": "id0",
            "value": 1
          },
          {
            "column": "id1",
            "value": 1
          }
        ],
      },
    },
  ]
}
```

Additional parameters:
  - **relative-url**: (*required*) This represents the url the given pk-read would have in a single request (omitting the api-version).

**Response**

```json
[
  {
    "code": 200,
    "body": {
      "operationId": "1",
      "data": {
        "col0": 0,
        "col1": 0
      }
    }
  },
  {
    "code": 200,
    "body": {
      "data": {
        "col0": 1,
        "col1": 1
      }
    }
  }
]
```

## Security

Currently, the REST API server only supports [Hopsworks API Keys](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/feature-store-api/2.5.3/integrations/databricks/api_key/) for authentication and authorization. In the future, we plan to extend MySQL server users and privileges to the REST API.  Add the API key to the HTTP request using the **X-API-KEY** header. Ofcouse, you have to enable TLS when using API Keys. See, the configuration section for security related configuration parameters.  

## Configuration 
```json
{
    "RestServer": {
        "IP": "localhost",
        "Port": 4406,
        "APIVersion": "0.1.0",
        "BufferSize": 327680,
        "PreAllocatedBuffers": 1024,
        "GOMAXPROCS": -1
    },
    "RonDBConfig": {
        "IP": "localhost",
        "Port": 1186
    },
    "MySQLServer": {
        "IP": "localhost",
        "Port": 3306,
        "User": "rondb",
        "Password": "rondb"
    },
    "Security": {
        "EnableTLS": true,
        "RequireAndVerifyClientCert": true,
        "CertificateFile": "",
        "PrivateKeyFile": ""
    },
    "Log": {
        "Level": "info",
        "FilePath": "",
        "MaxSizeMB": 100,
        "MaxBackups": 10,
        "MaxAge": 30
    }
}
```

 - **RestServer** 

   - **IP:** Binds the REST server to this IP. The default value is *localhost*
  
   - **Port:** REST server port. The default port is *4406*
   
   - **APIVersion:** Current version of the REST API. Current version is *0.1.0*
   
   - **BufferSize:** Size of the buffers that are used to pass requests/responses between the Go and C++ layers. The buffers should be large enough to accommodate any request/response. The default size is *327680* (32 KB). 

   - **PreAllocatedBuffers:** Numbers of buffers to preallocate. The default value is *1024*.
   
   - **GOMAXPROCS:** The GOMAXPROCS variable limits the number of operating system threads that can execute user-level Go code simultaneously.  The default value is -1, that is it does not change the current settings.

- **RonDBConfig**

   - **IP:** RonDB management node IP. The default value is *localhost*.
   
   - **Port:** RonDB management node port. The default value is *1186*.
  
 - **MySQLServer:** configuration. MySQL server is only used for testing
  
   - **IP:** MySQL Server IP. The default value is *localhost*.
   
   - **Port:** MySQL Server port. The default value is *3306*.
   
   - **User:** MySQL Server user. The default value is *rondb*.
   
   - **Password:** MySQL Server user password. The default value is *rondb*.

 - **Security:** REST server security settings 
  
   - **EnableTLS:** Enable/Disable TLS. The default value is *true*.
   
   - **RequireAndVerifyClientCert:**  Enable/Disable TLS client certificate requirement. The default value is *true*.

   - **RootCACertFile:**  Root CA file. Used in testing that use self-signed certificates. The default value is not set.
   
   - **CertificateFile:** Server certificate file. The default value is not set.
   
   - **PrivateKeyFile:** Server private key file. The default value is not set.

 - **Log:** REST Server logging settings 
  
   - **Level:** log level, Supported levels are *panic, error, warn, info, debug,* and  *trace*. The default value is *info*.
   
   - **FilePath:** log file location. The default value is stdout.
   
   - **MaxSizeMB:** max log file size. The default value is *100*.
   
   - **MaxBackups:** max number of log files to store. The default value is *10*.
   
   - **MaxAge:** max-age of log files in days. The default value is *30*.

## Developing the RDRS

First, build RonDB into a given directory, e.g. `/tmp/rondb-bin`. Do so, by navigating into this directory and then calling one of the scripts in the [build_scripts](/build_scripts). Make sure that the flag `-DWITH_RDRS=1` is set. If it is not, simply append it to the other CMake flags. After RonDB has built, use the following environment variable for running any GO commands.

```bash
export CGO_LDFLAGS="-g -L/tmp/rondb-bin/lib -lrdrclient"
```

This may be required for running unit tests, the language server `gopls` or building. Your IDE may also allow you to specifically set this variable. For example, Visual Studio Code v1.74 lets you set the following in its settings.json:

```json
"gopls": {
  "build.env": {
    "CGO_LDFLAGS": "-g -L/tmp/rondb-bin/lib -lrdrclient"
  }
},
"go.testEnvVars": {
  "CGO_LDFLAGS": "-g -L/tmp/rondb-bin/lib -lrdrclient"
}
```

Otherwise, if you wish to compile ***only*** the RDRS binary, you can run the following:

```bash
cd /tmp/rondb-bin/storage/ndb/rest-server/rest-api-server
make -j8
```

## Unit testing

In contrast to building, unit testing also requires the env variable `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` to be set. Continuing from the previous section, where RonDB has been built into `/tmp/rondb-bin`, we would run the following:

```bash
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="/tmp/rondb-bin/lib"
ldconfig
```

Only then the env variable `CGO_LDFLAGS` mentioned previously will work.

To run all unit tests of the RDRS, view the hand-written [Makefile](./Makefile). Generally, we differentiate between tests that require a RonDB connection, and ones that don't. By default, we skip the tests that require one. If you wish to run the unit tests against a RonDB cluster, run the following command:

```bash
WITH_RONDB=1 make test
```

One way of developing against a RonDB cluster is via docker-compose. See the GitHub repository [rondb-docker](https://github.com/logicalclocks/rondb-docker) to create a docker-compose RonDB cluster locally. It is expected to map its internal ports to the localhost network, so that you can connect to a mgmd and MySQLd. In case you are developing the rdrs inside a development container as well, you can connect it to the network bridge of the compose cluster as such:

```bash
# List the available networks and find the RonDB docker-compose one
docker network ls

# Connect the development container to the network of the docker-compose cluster
docker network connect <rondb-docker-compose-cluster-network> <dev-container-name>
```
